CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# How to Contribute

If you want to contribute to this repository, you can either contribute to challenges or solutions


## Challenges

Here are some of the known issues with the repository that you could potentially help with:

- Missing Challenges
- Inconsistency between title formatting i.e. `[hard] vs [Hard] vs [Difficult]`, ordering of words, lowercase vs uppercase letters, etc (take a look at the challenge names to see the inconsistencies)
- Missing selftext for some challenge titles (Issue #4)

#### Naming Format

Please use the following name format when creating a challenge directory:

`Challenge #xxxx [Easy/Intermediate/Hard] Challenge Name`

Example:

```
Challenge #0251 [Hard] ASCII Nonogram
Challenge #0254 [Intermediate] Finding Legal Reversi Moves
Challenge #0253 [Easy] Unconditional Loan Income
```

## Solutions

This repository's main purpose is to serve as an external repo for r/dailyprogrammer challenges. However, with the help of others, we can build a solution bank for each challenge.

In order to submit your solution:

1. Go to the directory of the challenge you've solved
2. Add your solution with the following format `solution.<filetype>`, to the `solutions/` folder *(please add it in if it does not already exist)*.

-------------
The best thing to do is to try and build a **diverse** solution bank, meaning solutions in different programming languages, for each challenge.

If you see that there is an existing solution in the language you used, you can still add your solution so long as you add it under the name `solutionX.<filetype>`, where X is an integer representing the Xth solution after the first solution.


Example:
```
solution.py
solution1.py
solution2.py
...
solutionX.py
```

If you want your name, reddit username, github handle, what have you, to be included, just add a header comment to your file
In Python for example, you can use `""" some text """`, and in Java you can use `/* Some text here */`.

---------------------

If you've done any of the above tasks, fork the repo, make your changes and submit a pull request; feel free to add your name and a link to your GitHub profile to the list below.


### Contributors
- [Freddie Vargus](http://github.com/FreddieV4)
- [Subhra S. Sarkar](https://github.com/rurtle)
- [Austin W. Smith](https://github.com/AssailantLF)
- [Ibar Romay](https://github.com/rowmatrix)
- - [Jacob Herrington](https://github.com/jacob-on-github)
- [Ryan Plant](https://github.com/ryanplant-au)

Commit message:

Updated contributing.md for info on missing standard input file

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# How to Contribute

If you want to contribute to this repository, you can either contribute to challenges or solutions


## Challenges

Here are some of the known issues with the repository that you could potentially help with:

- Missing Challenges
- Inconsistency between title formatting i.e. `[hard] vs [Hard] vs [Difficult]`, ordering of words, lowercase vs uppercase letters, etc (take a look at the challenge names to see the inconsistencies)
- Missing selftext for some challenge titles (Issue #4)
- Missing standard input file required to run challenge (often linked in challenge text)

#### Naming Format

Please use the following name format when creating a challenge directory:

`Challenge #xxxx [Easy/Intermediate/Hard] Challenge Name`

Example:

```
Challenge #0251 [Hard] ASCII Nonogram
Challenge #0254 [Intermediate] Finding Legal Reversi Moves
Challenge #0253 [Easy] Unconditional Loan Income
```

## Solutions

This repository's main purpose is to serve as an external repo for r/dailyprogrammer challenges. However, with the help of others, we can build a solution bank for each challenge.

In order to submit your solution:

1. Go to the directory of the challenge you've solved
2. Add your solution with the following format `solution.<filetype>`, to the `solutions/` folder *(please add it in if it does not already exist)*.

-------------
The best thing to do is to try and build a **diverse** solution bank, meaning solutions in different programming languages, for each challenge.

If you see that there is an existing solution in the language you used, you can still add your solution so long as you add it under the name `solutionX.<filetype>`, where X is an integer representing the Xth solution after the first solution.


Example:
```
solution.py
solution1.py
solution2.py
...
solutionX.py
```

If you want your name, reddit username, github handle, what have you, to be included, just add a header comment to your file
In Python for example, you can use `""" some text """`, and in Java you can use `/* Some text here */`.

---------------------

If you've done any of the above tasks, fork the repo, make your changes and submit a pull request; feel free to add your name and a link to your GitHub profile to the list below.


### Contributors
- [Freddie Vargus](http://github.com/FreddieV4)
- [Subhra S. Sarkar](https://github.com/rurtle)
- [Austin W. Smith](https://github.com/AssailantLF)
- [Ibar Romay](https://github.com/rowmatrix)
- - [Jacob Herrington](https://github.com/jacob-on-github)
- [Ryan Plant](https://github.com/ryanplant-au)
